Add 2026 investigation section to README (#39)
web-platform-tests/interop-mobile-testing: README.md

# interop-mobile-testing
Mobile Testing Investigation in Interop

## 2026 Investigation

### Scope

Enable future versions of Interop to have specific mobile focus areas. Improve the reliability of all testing on mobile, with specific emphasis of enabling realisic testing of layout on mobile.

### Roadmap and Scoring

* (10%) [Carryover] Have reliable iOS runs. We have stable & experimental runs for Firefox on Android and Chrome on Android.
* (10%) [Carryover] Ensure testharness test results are meaningful.
* (X%) [Carryover] Figure out how to make layout tests work on mobile. In particular, reftests.

> * (X%) [Carryover] Figure out the requirements for testing dynamic viewport sizing. Suggest a viable approach if possible.

Author: ```suggestion
* (15%) [Carryover] Have reliable iOS runs. We have stable & experimental runs for Firefox on Android and Chrome on Android.
* (15%) [Carryover] Ensure testharness test results are meaningful.
* (35%) [Carryover] Figure out how to make layout tests work on mobile. In particular, reftests.
* (35%) [Carryover] Figure out the requirements for testing dynamic viewport sizing. Suggest a viable approach if possible.
```

> * (35%) [Carryover] Figure out the requirements for testing dynamic viewport sizing. Suggest a viable approach if possible.

Author: ```suggestion
* (35%) [Carryover] Figure out how to make layout tests work on mobile. In particular, reftests.
  * We should reenable reftests tests for Firefox Android.
* (35%) [Carryover] Figure out the requirements for testing dynamic viewport sizing. Suggest a viable approach if possible.
```

# interop-mobile-testing
Mobile Testing Investigation in Interop

## 2026 Investigation

### Scope

Enable future versions of Interop to have specific mobile focus areas. Improve the reliability of all testing on mobile, with specific emphasis of enabling realisic testing of layout on mobile.

### Roadmap and Scoring

* (15%) [Carryover] Have reliable iOS runs. We have stable & experimental runs for Firefox on Android and Chrome on Android.
* (15%) [Carryover] Ensure testharness test results are meaningful.
* (35%) [Carryover] Figure out how to make layout tests work on mobile. In particular, reftests.
  * We should reenable reftests tests for Firefox Android.

> * (35%) [Carryover] Figure out the requirements for testing dynamic viewport sizing. Suggest a viable approach if possible.

Author: ```suggestion
* (15%) Have reliable iOS runs. We have stable & experimental runs for Firefox on Android and Chrome on Android.
* (15%) Ensure testharness test results are meaningful.
* (35%) Figure out how to make layout tests work on mobile. In particular, reftests.
  * We should reenable reftests tests for Firefox Android.
* (35%) Figure out the requirements for testing dynamic viewport sizing. Suggest a viable approach if possible.
```
